TODO list

Bugs:

- stray lightcycle sounds? (sem)
- got msg. 'player 4 was won' after player and opponent crashed at the
  same time (LIM)
- bad FOV culling of lightcycles (LIM)
- Make install doesn't work (Andreas)
- Visual artefact in the lightcycle trail between textured/untextured bow
  (Andreas)
- Screen garbled in-game after switching resolutions (hofi)

Features:

- glClearColor() doesn't match artpack. Move glClearColor to settings and
  include in artpack.ini
- Clear up artpack system, default artpack 
- Add 3d sound source for recognizer
- Add sound for own cycle. Modulate pitch (or volume) after turns
- Consider 'smooth turning' for other cycle sounds (doppler/panning)
- Rework LOD system a bit.

Documentation:

- add new default artpack author to CREDITS

Administrative:

- consider gltron-LE release. talk to overcode about the CD
- document tools used. included 'sponsor' message for 3d exploration

Optimizations/Cleanups
- Scale the mesh on load time, to avoid need for GL_NORMALIZE
- Rewrite trail handling code

Old TODO list, clean up when time available (priority):

(0) fix z-buffer problems (disable z-write on arena walls, adjust near on recognizer, etc.)
(0) look at cycle collision problem
(1) investigate framerate drop in win32 cycle collision test
(2) recognizer sound
(2) replay capabilities / fix demo recording / playback
(1) bug ShreadWheat about his point-of-interest ai technology
(2) make key pressed modifier immune (shift/capslock, etc.)
(2) generate uv-coordinates for the model
(1) fix back-to-front rendering
(2) work a bit more on line antialiasing (trail tops)
(2) make HUD configurable
(2) size HUD according to screen resolution
(0) investigate mipmapping artefacts under win32
(0) check USB keyboards. can't they record multiple key presses?
(0) change color values to something less yogurt-like
(0) check consistency of glEnable(GL_BLEND);
(0) add joystick code
(0) don't show resolutions that can't be accelerated (how can I know?)
(0) fix ugly console message passing
(1) implement networking
(0) fix bitmap bug to allow even faster software rendering
(0) write software mouse cursor
(0) move cycle behind posx, posy
(0) add more special effects (reflections etc.)
(0) check various TODOs in the code
(0) dynamically load OpenGL
(0) add slightly funny console messages (Robot ate Andi's tail)
(0) investigate halo
(0) proper documentation

bugs:
(2) demo playpack is broken after interrupt (Escape) 
(1) sound samples might overflow

possible bugs:
(0) failing malloc's arent caught, might lock up application/system
(0) some attributes are not saved to .gltronrc
